README.md, before:

![Project Status: Active][Project Status Image]

ukupgrade
=========

<img align="right" src="https://www.kernel.org/theme/images/logos/tux.png" alt="Linux Logo" title="Tux">

**ukupgrade** stands for "*Ubuntu Kernel Upgrade*"   

**Purpose**: It provides us to upgrade linux kernel to latest version for Ubuntu/Mint and derivatives. Based on [this archive](http://kernel.ubuntu.com/~kernel-ppa/mainline/)


**Latest Stable Kernel Version on 2016-Sep:** **4.7**

-----------------------------------------


## Usage

* Download latest script
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/muhasturk/ukupgrade/master/ukupgrade > ukupgrade
```

* Give executable permission
```
chmod +x ./ukupgrade
```

* Call the script
```
./ukupgrade
```

### In order to call script as bash commannd

* Run 
```
sudo cp ./ukupgrade /usr/bin/do-kernel-upgrade
```
* Now you can call the script whereever you are
```
do-kernel-upgrade
```

### Author
[Mustafa Hasturk](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhasturk)   

|   homepage	|   [mustafahasturk.com](http://mustafahasturk.com "Official Web Site")   	|
|:-:	|:-:	|
|   email	|  `hi [at] mustafahasturk [dot] com`	|

### Contributors
[Allan Brazute](https://www.linkedin.com/in/allan-brazute-59b378b5)   

|   email	|  `ethraza [at] gmail [dot] com`	|

[Project Status Image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project-active-green.svg "Project Status: Active"

Commit message:

add License file and update readme

README.md, after:

ukupgrade
=========

<img align="right" src="https://www.kernel.org/theme/images/logos/tux.png" alt="Linux Logo" title="Tux">

**ukupgrade** stands for "*Ubuntu Kernel Upgrade*"   

**Purpose**: It provides us to upgrade linux kernel to latest version for Ubuntu/Mint and derivatives. Based on [this archive](http://kernel.ubuntu.com/~kernel-ppa/mainline/)
-----------------------------------------

## 😳 Help Wanted!
I do not have enough time to resolve [issues](https://github.com/muhasturk/ukupgrade/issues). PR's are welcome.

## 🔥 Usage

* Download latest script
```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/muhasturk/ukupgrade/master/ukupgrade > ukupgrade
```

* Give executable permission
```
chmod +x ./ukupgrade
```

* Call the script
```
./ukupgrade
```

### In order to call script as bash commannd

* Run 
```
sudo cp ./ukupgrade /usr/bin/do-kernel-upgrade
```
* Now you can call the script whereever you are
```
do-kernel-upgrade
```

## 👨🏻‍💻 Author
[Mustafa Hasturk](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhasturk)   

Email encrypted with AES. You can decrypt it by given info.

Base64 Hashed Encryption Key:  
`RHNQm+V5SiVGRI6TpcK0B+olfumxXS318JKslq9VzsY=`

Encrypted Hexadecimal String Representation of Email: `d8a17f7d4d2a3ca31326a8b57bd795e8416e70390e083c7745f6b4dcaf86308c4ad16506e314c98928d19e78f2d6bcfa1f5f`

## ❤️ Contributing
Bug reports and pull requests are welcome.
[Thank you](https://github.com/muhasturk/ukupgrade/graphs/contributors)

## 👮🏻‍♂️ License

ukupgrade is released under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/muhasturk/ukupgrade/blob/master/LICENSE) for more information.
